Could it be that he is the person Yuxuan has been shouting to kill recently?
I'll find someone to lead behind
I'm really not coming soon
This Yunhai Mountain is the best location in Linhai City
But not because of anything else?
Just because the daughter of the Ye family lives here
You want to rely on my relationship
Is it miserable to take your ride before night?
Well, at first, I did have this idea
When I saw your martial arts and medical skills
I believe you, Dr. Chen, you are a real dragon
In the future, you will definitely dominate the entire Linhai City
Black Tiger, do you want to
When the leader of the entire underworld of Linhai City
Dr. Chen, what do you mean?
Ouch me
From now on, I, Black Tiger, swear to be loyal to Dr. Chen
Go through fire and water
Chen Hao
What are you doing here?
You need to take care of yourself
Who are you?
ghost him
Did you know he's a poor boy with nothing?
Under the Black Tiger
This lady
Please talk to my boss
Let me respect